Question 8: Part A: Identify a useful admissible heuristic for the Subway Navigation problem other than straight-line-distance. You can assume access to any information that you would need to create one, so long as that information doesn’t involve solving the problem to calculate the heuristic. (Note: Treating h=0 for all states are admissible, but not useful.)	A useful admissible heuristic other than straight-line distance would be 	the minimum number of stops to the goal multiplied by the smallest link 	distance in the map.  To do this you have to compute the minimum number of 	links needed to reach the goal using BFS, then multiply that by the 	smallest edge distance in the network.  This is admissible because any path	 uses at least that many links, and each link costs at least the minimum edge distance.Part B: In Question 6, we alter the goal state to include any station within a certainradius of the station named as our goal. Our A* algorithm uses straight-line distance (SLD) to the named station as a heuristic. With the radius modification, is our heuristic still admissible? Explain why or why not.    No, straight-line distance is not admissible after adding the radius condition.      When the goal becomes “any station within distance d of the named goal,” it     is possible to already be at a valid goal station.  In that case, the remaining     cost is 0.  However, straight-line distance to the named goal station may still     be positive.  Because the heuristic can overestimate the true cost, it is no longer     admissible.Part C: The Boston and London data each have some situations where the distancebetween two linked stations is less than the calculated straight-line distance between those stations. In some cases, the difference is over 200 meters or 1/8 mile. (This is a legitimate concern when compiling datasets from different sources, as I did for this project.) How does this impact the admissibility of our heuristic? If it is not admissible, what does this mean for the results provided by the A* algorithm?	If some link distances are smaller than the straight-line distance between 	those stations, then straight-line distance is no longer guaranteed to be a 	lower bound on the true path cost.  This means the heuristic may overestimate 	the real cost, making it inadmissible.  If the heuristic is not admissible, 	A* is no longer guaranteed to return the best solution.  It can still find 	a good path, but it might not be the shortest one.Part D: When given the example input shown in Question 6, BFS and A* search find solutions quickly, while DFS takes a very long time. Would modifying DFS to use iterative deepening help the running time? Why or why not?	Using iterative deepening instead of plain DFS could help prevent DFS from 	exploring very deep branches before finding a solution.  However, iterative 	deepening repeatedly re-expands shallow nodes, which adds overhead.  While it	 may improve DFS behavior, it might still be slower than BFS or A*, which are	  better suited for this problem.  Therefore, it may help somewhat, but it 	  would not match the performance of BFS or A*.